Hey Data Scientist, this is a quick tip if you want to change out your theme in Quarto.
So sometimes when you have a business presentation, or maybe there's a personal project that you
want a specific style for, you need to change the theme for what you're working on.
So if you wanted to find it in GitHub, this is where you would do so, here's the code.
But I'm just cycling through some of these themes to show you what they look like.
So in the top left we have title, format, theme, here's minty.
But like I said, this is going to help you so that if you have a certain brand guideline
that you need to follow, or you want to spice things up, make it a little bit more customizable,
you can do so with the theme here.
Follow Posit for more tips, and I hope this helps.